"November 5, 2024"  "Floor 22: Lake Outside Coral City"
Catch anything?
Sorry to scare you...
My name is Nishida.
In the game, I'm a fisherman.
In Japan, I was head of the network security
division for Toto High-Speed Internet.
I'm Kirito.
Didn't Toto High-Speed Internet...
Yes.
I oversaw network security
for this game.
It's big!
Piece of cake!
That was awesome.
Thank you.
I can catch these things,
but I can't cook them.
I'd love to stew them
or make sashimi,
but I don't have any soy sauce.
Maybe baked with soy sauce.
--Or maybe with radishes and soy sauce...
--I may be able to help with that.
What?
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"Edge of Hell's Abyss"
That was wonderful!
I had no idea you could get
soy sauce in this world.
It's homemade.
--Take some with you if you'd like.
--Really?
I appreciate that!
But anyway, your fishing skill
must be very high.
Kirito's never managed
to bring anything home.
The lakes around here
are too hard!
No, that isn't really true.
The only difficult one is the big lake
where you were fishing.
Why design it like that?
Yes, excellent question!
In that lake
there's a guardian, you see.
--A guardian?
Yes...
I've had it strike
several times myself.
But it was so powerful it dragged
my pole away altogether.
And so, I'd like to ask
something of you.
I don't mind fishing for a guardian, but is it
possible to switch with a fishing pole?
If anyone can, you can.
If you catch it, then what?
Will you keep it?
Can you keep something like that?
He was a funny guy, wasn't he?
I was surprised when you brought
him here with no warning.
There are so many people leading
ordinary lives in this world...
Since we can fight
on the front lines,
we have a responsibility
to them, don't we?
For me...
...getting stronger was mainly for
the sake of my own survival.
I think that lots of people expect
great things from you now...
Including me.
Yeah...
I promised that I'd save everyone.
But for just a little longer...
Yeah.
"You can do it, Nishida!"
"Catch the guardian!"
Seriously?
Everyone knew about that fish, I see!
And now,
it's time for the day's main event.
We've been waiting for this!
Kirito, let's do this.
Sure.
How big is this thing?
Here we go...
Um, isn't that it?
Not yet.
N-Nishida...
Hang on. Not yet.
Now!
I've got it!
Here!
S-Switch--
Damn it! You little...
I see it!
Okay, I've got this...
Wh-What? Hey!
Ow...
Kirito!
Look out!
For what?
Th-Th-That's unfair!
Don't run away and leave me...
Kirito!
It's running on land.
Is it a lungfish?
Kirito!
Don't be so nonchalant!
Make a run for it!
Ah, right.
Oh, fine...
Missus, run!
She'll be fine.
Kirito, your wife!
Missus!
A-Amazing!
You're Asuna, right?
What are you doing here?
I'm a fan!
Can I shake your hand too?
Good work.
Heathcliff?
All right! You've moped
long enough.
But it's only been two weeks...
If he's summoning us to the front lines
during our vacation, it must be a big deal.
True, but still...
Let's at least hear
what he has to say.
Come on, it's time.
Let's get this out of the
way and come back.
Right.
Thanks for seeing us off.
"November 7, 2024"
"Floor 22: Coral Teleport Gate Plaza"
We didn't spend much time together, but it was fun.
Yes, it was a good experience for me.
Actually, before meeting you,
I'd thought those working to clear
the game were in a different world.
I've been trapped in here
for two years.
Even if I make it back somehow,
I don't know if I can return to my old job.
It's possible that deep down inside,
I might've already given up on escape.
And convinced myself I was better off
here with a fishing rod in my hand.
It's pretty sad.
No...
No, that isn't...
Me too.
At first, I thought the same thing.
I spent every night crying alone.
It felt like every day
that passed here
stole another piece
of my real life away.
After I cried, I'd go and
fight as hard as I could.
My only thought was of winning,
moving forward,
and getting stronger.
But then, I saw someone napping
in the shade at the plaza.
It made me so mad.
I told him to stop wasting his time.
And he replied that it was
Aincrad's best season,
and its best weather setting too.
So it would be a waste to enter
a dungeon on such a day.
Then I tried lying down too,
and I slept like a baby.
When I awoke, it was evening,
and he was giving me a look of disbelief...
But as we partied up together,
I realized something.
Even in a world like this,
he was really living.
He wasn't losing a day
in the real world.
He was gaining a day here.
The one who taught me that
was Kirito.
When I began thinking of
him as I fell asleep,
I stopped having nightmares.
I began to look forward
to seeing him.
For the first time, I was glad
that I'd come here.
For me, Kirito is
the meaning of my two years here...
And proof that I'm alive.
The reason I put on the
NerveGear that day
was so that I could meet him.
I'm sure there's something
important to you here too.
That's true...
You're exactly right.
Life isn't so bad.
It's not so bad at all...
There's nothing I can do
to help you.
But good luck.
Let's go fishing together again.
We'll be going now.
--Teleport: Grandzam.
"November 7, 2024"       "Floor 55: Grandzam"
The recon team was wiped out?
We sent in a 20-member party,
taken from 5 different guilds,
to prepare for the boss fight.
However, when the first 10
reached the center of the room
and the boss appeared,
the entrance closed on them.
An anti-crystal area.
And five minutes or so later,
when the door finally opened...
...nothing remained in the room.
Neither the 10 men...
Nor any trace of the boss.
That's crazy...
But we still cannot give up
on clearing the game.
We'll have to attack with
the largest group we can muster.
We'll help out with that.
But Asuna's safety
is my highest priority.
If the situation gets risky,
I will protect her over
the rest of the party.
Someone who seeks to protect
something can be powerful indeed.
I'm expecting a good fight.
Another three hours, huh?
What should we do?
Hey, what's wrong?
Don't get mad when I say this.
Could you wait here
instead of taking part
in today's boss fight?
Why would you ask that?
There's no telling what will happen
if we can't use teleport crystals.
I'm scared.
If anything happened to you...
So you want to put
yourself in danger,
while I wait here,
where it's safe?
If you went and
didn't come back, I...
would kill myself!
I'd have no reason
to live anymore.
And I'd never forgive myself
for just waiting around.
I'm sorry...
I'm losing my nerve.
The truth is I just want
to run away with you.
We don't have to return
to the real world.
I want to live with you in that
house in the forest forever!
It'd be nice if we could...
We could be together
every day, forever.
Kirito, have you ever considered
what's happening
to our real bodies?
When several weeks had passed
after the game's launch,
there was an incident where most players
went offline for several hours, right?
I think all of the players were being
moved to hospitals at that time.
If our bodies are just barely being
kept alive on hospital beds,
I can't imagine that we can
go on like that for long.
In other words,
whether we clear the game or not,
we're on a time limit?
I...
I want to stay with you forever...
I want us to date for real.
To really get married...
To get old together!
So...
For now, we have to fight, right?
"Floor 75: Collinia Teleport Gate Plaza"
Hey!
Oh? You guys are coming too?
What do you mean, "Oh?"
I shut my shop down
to come and help.
You don't even understand
my selfless desire to help?
Then, we'll remove you
from the item drop list.
I wouldn't take it that far...
Corridor: open.
Now then, let's go.
There's a bad vibe in here,
don't you think?
Yeah.
Are you ready?
The Knights of the Blood Oath will hold off
the boss attack in the vanguard.
While we do, I'd like the rest of you
to discern its attack patterns,
and be flexible with
your counterattacks.
It will be a difficult battle,
but I have faith that we can prevail.
For our day of liberation!
It'll be okay.
I'll protect you, Kirito.
So you protect me, okay?
Yeah, I will for sure.
Don't die.
Same to you!
I'm gonna make a fortune off today's
drops. I have no intention of dying.
Attack!
Nothing's happening...
Above us!
The Skull...
...Reaper?
Don't stay together!
Stay away from it!
This way!
Run!
W-With one hit?
That's insane...
We can't even get close to it!
Get back!
It's too strong...
If we block together,
we can do this...
We can do it!
Okay...
We'll deal with the scythes!
Everyone else, attack from the sides!
Let's go!
Okay...
Stay put!
Damn it!
Kirito!
Yeah.
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "The End of the World."